American Associated Pharmacies Employee Benefits Guide 2026
Contact Information & Table of Contents ...................... 2 Overview Information.......................................................... 3 Understanding Medical Plan Options.............................. 4 Your Medical Insurance Plan Options and Costs .......... 5 Care Options and When to Use Them ............................. 6 Telehealth................................................................................ 7 Understanding Health Savings Account (HSAs)............8 Voluntary Dental Insurance............................................ 10 Voluntary Vision Insurance ............................................... 11 Basic Life and AD&D .........................................................12 Voluntary Life and AD&D and Dependent Life ............12 Short and Long-Term Disability ........................................ 13 Accident, Cancer & Critical Illness……………………... 14 Optional Life Insurance...................................................... 15 Employee Perks Program................................................... 16 Employee Assistance Program (EAP) ............................17 Glossary of Terms................................................................ 18 Important Notices .............................................................. 19 CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions regarding your benefits, please contact the vendors, your Human Resources representatives, or CBIZ representatives listed below. Medical Insurance (#67265) BlueCross BlueShield of Alabama www.bcbsal.org 888.267.2955 Health Savings Accounts HealthEquity www.healthequity.com 866.274.9887 Dental Insurance Guardian www.guardianlife.com 800.627.4200 Vision Insurance Guardian www.guardianlife.com 877.393.7363 Basic Life and AD&D Voluntary Life and AD&D, Dependent Life, Short-Term Disability and Long-Term Disability, Accident, Cancer and Critical Illness (#44071) Guardian www.guardiananytime.com 888.482.7342 Employee Perks Program BenefitHub customercare@benefithub.com 866.664.4621 Employee Assistance Program (#E4566428) Life Matters (through Empathia) www.empathia.com 800.634.6433 Telehealth Teladoc www.teladoc.com 800.835.2362 Your Benefits Team at American Associated Pharmacies Brandy Hooper, VP of Human Resources Brandy.hooper@rxaap.com 256.574.7526 Nicole Thornton, HR Administrator Nicole.thornton@apirx.com 256.574.7528 TABLE OF CONTENTS Throughout this booklet you will find video and link icons that will take you to resources that provide additional information on the benefits available to you. CBIZ Representatives Customer Service 844.200.CBIZ (2249) Melissa Street, Senior Account Executive Melissa.street@cbiz.com 615.610.8234 Christie Allen, Account Manager Christie.allen@cbiz.com 615.522.7974 2
The plan year runs January 1, 2026 - December 31, 2026 KEY TERMS Full-Time Employee: Defined as an employee working 30 or more hours per week. Full benefits include all benefits in accordance with American Associated Pharmacies policy. 3 HOW TO MAKE CHANGES ● You are only allowed to make mid- year changes if one of the following Qualified Events occur: marriage, di- vorce, legal separation, birth or adop- tion of a child, change in child’s de- pendent status, death of spouse, child or other qualified dependent, change in residence due to an employment transfer for you or your spouse, com- mencement or termination of adop- tion proceedings, or change in spouse’s benefits or employment sta- tus. Your election changes must be submitted to HR within 30 days of the qualifying event. WAIVING COVERAGE ● If you are declining enrollment for yourself or your dependents (including your spouse) because of other insurance coverage, you may in the future be able to enroll yourself or your dependents in this plan, providing that you request enroll- ment within 30 days after your other creditable group or government sponsored coverage ends. COBRA ● COBRA continuation is offered to covered employees, their spouses, their former spouses, and their de- pendent children when group health coverage would otherwise be lost due to certain specific events. COBRA continuation applies to Medical, Pharmacy, Dental, Vision. Qualified individuals may be required to pay for the entire premium for coverage up to 102 percent of the cost of the plans selected and may continue for up to 18 months or 36 months (if applica- ble). New employees who are benefits eligible must enroll within 30 days of their date of hire. New employee benefits are effective the first of the month following 60 days of employment. Children up to age 26 may be covered on your insurance plan, regardless of dependent status. At the end of the month that the dependent turns 26, they will automatically be dropped from the insurance plan and offered COBRA coverage. A COBRA notice will be mailed from the Medical carrier. Eligible Employees may enroll themselves in benefits as well as their eligible dependents. Employees may select any of the tiers below when adding dependent coverage. See key terms below for coverage selection: Employee only: Employees may select this tier if they wish only to enroll themselves on the plan. Employee + Spouse: Employees may select this tier if they wish to enroll themselves and their legal spouse on the plan. Employee + Child(ren): Employees may select this tier if they wish to enroll themselves and one or more children on the plan. Family: Employees may select this tier if they wish to enroll themselves, their legal spouse, and one or more children on the plan.
HOW TO GET STARTED SELECT YOUR MEDICAL PLAN □ □ OPTION 1: PPO Plan OPTION 2: HDHP with HSA YOUR HEALTH PLAN OPTIONS As a full-time employee of American Associated Pharmacies, you have the choice between two medical plan options: a PPO plan or a High-Deductible Health Plan (HDHP) with a Health Savings Account (HSA). For each, your deductible will run from January 1−December 31. While both plans give you the option of using out-of-network providers, you can save money by using in-network providers because BCBS of Alabama has negotiated significant discounts with them. If you choose to go out-of-network, you’ll be responsible for the difference between the actual charge and BCBSAL UCR (Usual, Customary and Reasonable) charge, plus your out-of-network deductible and coinsurance. Plan #2— the HDHP offers you significantly lower premiums than the Plan #1. You can establish a Health Savings Account (HSA) and contribute all or part of the premium savings into the HSA. These funds can be used to cover medical expenses, including deductibles, and they’re yours forever— even if you leave AAP— unlike a Flexible Spending Account (FSA), they are not forfeited at the end of each year. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS How many hours do I need to work to be eligible for insurance benefits? You must be a full-time employee working a minimum of 30 hours per week on a regular basis. Does the deductible run on a calendar year or policy year basis? A calendar year basis. How long can I cover my dependent children? Dependent children are eligible until the end of the month in which they turn age 26. I just got hired. When will my benefits become effective? Your medical insurance benefit will begin on the 1st of the month following sixty (60) days of employment for regular full-time employees. PLAN #2 OFFERS SEVERAL BENEFITS: ● Lower premium contributions and potential maximum out-of-pocket expenses ● Routine preventive exams are covered at 100% ● Catastrophic coverage ● The HSA is owned by you ● You have more control over your health care dollars PLAN #1 MAY BE FOR YOU IF THE FOLLOWING IS TRUE: ● You are not interested in establishing a Health Savings Account ● You would rather pay more in monthly premiums and less on medical expenses when they occur ● You expect to incur medical expenses at the beginning of the year and don’t have the resources to pay for them MEDICAL INSURANCE PPO plan vs. HDHP plan 4 TIP: Get the most out of your insurance by using in-network providers
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama Option 1: PPO Plan Option 2: HDHP w/ HSA Employee Cost per Month Employee Cost per Month Employee Employee + Spouse Employee + Child(ren) Employee + Family $157.20 $492.32 $444.36 $678.62 $136.34 $404.66 $373.04 $581.72 In-Network In-Network Deductible (1) Individual / Family $500 / $1,000 $1,700 / $3,400 (shared) Coinsurance (Member Pays) 20% 10% Company Contribution to HSA per Year NA $900 / $1,800 Out-of-Pocket Maximum (2) Individual / Family $2,250 / $4,500 $3,400 / $6,800 Office Visits Preventative Care Primary Care Physician / Specialist Diagnostic Lab / X-Ray Urgent Care Covered at 100% $30 / $45 copay Deductible then 20% $30 copay Covered at 100% Deductible then 10% Deductible then 10% Deductible then 10% Hospital Visits Inpatient Care (Facility / Physician) Outpatient Surgery Major Diagnostics & Imaging Emergency Room Deductible then 20% Deductible then 20% Deductible then 20% $250 copay Deductible then 10% Deductible then 10% Deductible then 10% Deductible then 10% Prescription Drug Deductible Generic Preferred Brand Non-Preferred Brand Does Not Apply $10 copay $30 copay $50 copay Some preventative prescriptions are covered at 100% and not subject to deductible. All other prescriptions are covered at 90% after paying the plan deductible. (1) Family deductible is embedded; an individual covered in a family will not exceed the individual deductible (2) Out-of-Pocket maximum includes all cost-sharing: deductible, coinsurance and copays (3) All Out-of-Network services subject to deductible, coinsurance and balance billing Premiums can be withheld from your paycheck on a pre-tax basis for Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance. Based upon your individual tax bracket, this could save you a considerable amount of money. Your election can only be changed during the plan year if you experience a qualifying life status change. You must notify Human Resources within 30 days of the event. Plans are detailed in BlueCross BlueShield of Alabama 2026 Certificate of Coverage (COC). This is a brief summary only. For exact terms and conditions, please refer to your certificate. MEDICAL INSURANCE 5
● Sprains ● Small cuts ● Strains ● Sore throats ● Minor infections ● Routine, primary/ preventive care ● Non-urgent treatment ● Vaccinations ● Screenings ● Common infections (ear infections, pink eye, strep throat) ● Flu shots ● Pregnancy tests For routine, primary/ preventive care or non-urgent treatment, we recommend going to your doctor’s office. Your doctor knows you and your health history and has access to your medical records. You may also pay the least amount out of pocket. While we recommend that you seek routine medical care from your primary care physician whenever possible, there are alternatives available to you. Services may vary, so it’s a good idea to visit the healthcare provider’s website. Be sure to check that the facility is in-network by calling the toll-free number on the back of your medical ID card, or by visiting www.bcbsal.org PRIMARY CARE TELEMEDICINE (TELADOC) Telemedicine lets you see and talk to a doctor from your mobile device or computer without an appointment, anytime and anywhere! TelaDoc brings you care from the comfort and convenience of your home or wherever you are. Download the app once your benefits become active! CONVENIENCE CARE These providers are a good alternative when you are not able to get to your doctor’s office and your condition is not urgent or an emergency. They are often located in malls or retail stores and generally serve patients 18 months of age or older without an appointment. Services may be provided at a lower out-of-pocket cost than an urgent care center. URGENT CARE Sometimes you need medical care fast, but a trip to the emergency room may not be necessary. During office hours, you may be able to go to your doctor’s office. Outside regular office hours— or if you can’t be seen by your doctor immediately— you may consider going to an Urgent Care Center, where you can generally be treated for many minor medical problems faster than at an emergency room. EMERGENCY ROOM An emergency medical condition is any condition (including severe pain) which you believe that without immediate medical care may result in serious injury or is life threatening. Emergency services are always considered in-network. If you receive treatment for an emergency in a non-network facility, you may be transferred to an in- network facility once your condition has been stabilized. URGENT CARE PRIMARY CARE CONVENIENCE CARE EMERGENCY ROOM ● Heavy bleeding ● Large open wounds ● Chest pain ● Spinal injuries ● Difficulty breathing ● Major burns If you believe you are experiencing a medical emergency, go to the nearest emergency room or call 911, even if your symptoms are not described here. CALL 9-1-1 TELEMEDICINE ● Cold/flu ● Diarrhea ● Fever ● Rash ● Sinus Problems Primary Care vs Urgent Care vs ER 6 QUICK TIPS ON CARE OPTIONS
TELADOC This benefit is paid for by American Associated Pharmacies and is completely FREE to you! 7
HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT REVIEW YOUR HSA CONTRIBUTIONS UNDERSTANDING A HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT (HSA) Two ways you can put money into your HSA: 1. Regular payroll deductions on a pre-tax basis; 2. Lump-sum contributions of any amount, anytime, up to the maximum limit. WHAT IS AN HSA? A savings account where you can either direct pre-tax payroll deductions or deposit money to be used to pay for current or future qualified medical expenses for you and/or your dependents. Once money goes into the account, it’s yours to keep— the HSA is owned by you, just like a personal checking or savings account. THE HSA CAN ALSO BE AN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. Depending upon your HSA account balance, your account can grow tax-free in an investment of your choice (like an interest -bearing savings account, a money market account, a wide variety of mutual funds— or all three). Of course, your funds are always available if you need them for qualified health care expenses. YOUR FUNDS CAN CARRY OVER AND EVEN GROW OVER TIME. The money always belongs to you, even if you leave the company, and unused funds carry over from year to year. You never have to worry about losing your money. That means if you don’t use a lot of health care services now, your HSA funds will be there if you need them in the future — even after retirement. HSA FUNDS CAN BE USED FOR YOUR FAMILY. You can use your HSA for your spouse and tax dependents for their eligible expenses— even if they’re not covered by your medical plan. CONTRIBUTE UP TO $4,400 AS A SINGLE & $8,750 AS A FAMILY WHAT ARE THE RULES? ● You must be covered under a Qualified High Deductible Health plan (QHDHP) in order to establish an HSA. ● You cannot establish an HSA if you or your spouse also have a medical FSA, unless it is a Limited Purpose FSA. ● You cannot be enrolled in Medicare or Tricare due to age or disability. ● You cannot set up an HSA if you have insurance coverage under another plan, for example your spouse’s employer, unless that secondary coverage is also a qualified high deductible health plan. ● You cannot be claimed as a dependent under someone else’s tax return. WHAT ELSE SHOULD I KNOW? ● You can invest up to the IRS’s annual contribution limit. Contributions are based on a calendar year. The contribution limits for 2026 are $4,400 for Single and $8,750 for Family coverage. If you’re age 55 or older, you are allowed to make extra $1,000 contribution each year. ● The contributions grow tax-free and come out tax- free as long as you utilize the funds for approved services based on the IRS Publication 502, (medical, dental, vision expenses and over-the- counter medications with a physician’s prescription). ● Your unused contributions roll over from year to year and can be taken with you if you leave your current job. ● If you use the money for non-qualified expenses, then the money becomes taxable and subject to a 20% excise tax penalty (like in an IRA account). ● There is no penalty for distributions following death, disability (as defined in IRC 72), or attainment of Medicare eligibility age, but taxes would apply for non-qualified distributions. ● If your healthcare expenses are more than your HSA balance, you need to pay the remaining cost another way, such as a credit card or personal check. But save your receipts in case you are ever audited! You can request reimbursement later, after you have accumulated more money in your account. 8
YOU CAN USE HSA FUNDS FOR IRS-APPROVED ITEMS SUCH AS: ● Doctor's office visits ● Dental services ● Eye exams, eyeglasses, laser surgery, contact lenses and solution ● Hearing aids ● Orthodontia, dental cleanings, and fillings ● Prescription drugs and some over-the-counter medications (with a physician’s prescription) ● Physical therapy, speech therapy, and chiropractic expenses More information about approved items, plus additional details about the HSA, is available at irs.gov. Every time you use your HSA, save your receipt in case the IRS asks you to prove your claim was for a qualified expense. If you use HSA funds for a non- qualified expense, you will pay tax and a penalty on those funds. The HSA is your personal account and contains your personal funds. It can be considered an asset by a creditor and garnished as applicable. As an HSA account holder, you will be required to file a Form 8889 with the IRS each year. This form identifies any contributions, distributions, or earned interest associated with your account. This may be the best plan option for you if any of the following is true: ● You do not incur a lot of medical and prescription medication expenses. ● You would like money in a savings account to pay for Qualified Expenses permitted under Federal Law. ● You would like the opportunity to contribute pre-tax income to a Health Savings Account. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS What will I pay at the pharmacy with the HSA qualified plan options? You will pay the actual discounted cost of the drug until you satisfy your calendar year deductible in full. Where can I get a copy of an EOB? You can access all of your EOB information, as well as obtain other important information, by logging on to www.bcbsal.org What will I pay at the physician’s office with the HSA qualified plan? You’ll provide your ID card at the time of the visit and the physician’s office will submit the claim to BCBS of AL. You will not owe anything at the time of the visit. Later you’ll receive an Explanation of Benefits (EOB) from BCBS of AL that shows the charges discounted based on their contract with the physician. When you receive a bill from the physician’s office, you pay the portion of the discounted cost you are responsible for as shown on the EOB. 9
DENTAL INSURANCE REVIEW YOUR NEED FOR A DENTAL PLAN HOW TO FIND A DENTIST To find a Guardian provider in your area, visit guardiananytime.com • Select “Find a Dentist” located at top of website • Select “Dental Benefits bought through your workplace” • Enter location information and click search icon GUARDIAN IS THE DENTAL CARRIER FOR 2026. The dental plan is a PPO that offers coverage in and out-of- network. It is to your advantage to utilize a network dentist in order to achieve the greatest cost savings. If you choose to go out-of-network, you will be responsible for any cost exceeding Guardian negotiated fees, plus any deductible and coinsurance associated with your procedure. Dependent children are eligible until the end of the month in which they turn age 26. DENTAL INSURANCE PLAN OPTIONS & COSTS What is Dental Insurance? 10 GUARDIAN Monthly Charges Base Plan High Plan Employee Employee + Spouse Employee + Child(ren) Employee + Family $6.78 $20.56 $20.76 $34.54 $10.66 $28.80 $28.32 $47.10 In-Network In-Network Deductible Individual / Family $50 / $150 $50 / $150 Calendar Year Annual Maximum Benefit Applies to Coverage A, B and C $1,500 per member $3,000 per member Preventive Services (Coverage A) Exams, X-rays Cleanings Fluoride Sealants, Space Maintainers 100% 100% Basic Services (Coverage B) Basic Restorative Services Basic Endodontics Basic Periodontics Basic Oral Surgery 80% after deductible 100% Major Services (Coverage C) Major Restorative and Prosthodontics Major Endodontics Major Periodontics Major Oral Surgery Implants *12 month waiting period for Major Services 50% after deductible 50% after deductible Orthodontics (Coverage D) 50% up to $1,000 Lifetime Maximum 50% covered up to $1,500 lifetime maximum
VISION INSURANCE GUARDIAN IS THE VISION CARRIER FOR 2026. The vision plan offers coverage both in-network and out-of-network. It is to your advantage to utilize a network provider in order to achieve the greatest cost savings. If you go out-of-network, your benefit is based on a reimbursement schedule. Also, if you are considering Lasik surgery or other non-covered benefits, there are discounts available with some providers. To find a participating provider, visit guardiananytime.com FIND A PROVIDER To find a Guardian Vision provider in your area, visit guardiananytime.com • Select “Find a Vision Provider” located at the top of the website • Select “Davis Vision” • Enter your location and complete the form • Click “Search Now” and choose the provider you desire VISION INSURANCE PLAN OPTIONS & COSTS Guardian Employee Cost per Month Employee $6.93 Employee + One Dependent $10.04 Employee + Family $18.00 In-Network Examination / Materials $10 copay / $25 copay Frequency of Service Exam Lenses Frames Contacts in lieu of glasses Every 12 months Every 12 months Every 24 months Every 12 months Lenses Single vision Bifocal, lined Trifocal, lined Lenticular $25 copay $25 copay $25 copay $25 copay Frames $130 allowance 15% off balance (Copay Waived) Contacts Covered (Copay waived) $130 max; 15% off balance (Copay waived) Included in the Davis Vision Contact Lens Collection when contacts are purchased Medically Necessary Elective Materials Elective Fitting/Evaluation What is Vision Insurance? 11 REVIEW YOUR NEED FOR A PLANVISION
LIFE/AD&D INSURANCE REVIEW YOUR LIFE INSURANCE POLICY □ □ □ Increase your coverage Add your spouse Add your dependents Voluntary Life and AD&D and Dependent Life Options and Cost per Month Rates per $1,000 of coverage Guardian Age Employee Spouse* Voluntary Life NOTE: Voluntary Spouse life terminates at spouse age 70. 0-29 $0.153 $0.153 30-34 $0.172 $0.172 35-39 $0.192 $0.192 40-44 $0.26 $0.26 45-49 $0.397 $0.397 50-54 $0.622 $0.622 55-59 $0.936 $0.936 60-64 $1.426 $1.426 65-69 $2.504 $2.504 70-74 $4.433 75-79 $7.266 80+ $14.653 Child(ren) $0.28/month for $1,000 coverage Voluntary AD&D $0.035 for employee only, spouse only and children only and included in rates above *Spouse rate is based on the employee’s age. VOLUNTARY LIFE AND AD&D AND DEPENDENT LIFE You can purchase additional Life and AD&D Coverage beyond what American Associated Pharmacies provides. Guardian guarantees issues coverage during your initial enrollment period— which means you can’t be turned down for coverage based on medical history. • Voluntary Employee Life/AD&D: minimum $10,000 to a maximum of 5x your annual salary, or $500,000, in $10,000 increments. Guarantee issue up to $100,000. • Optional Spouse Life/AD&D: minimum $5,000 up to 50% of the employee amount, to $100,000 maximum in $5,000 increments. Guarantee issue up to $50,000. • Optional Child(ren) Life/AD&D: minimum $2,000 up to $10,000 maximum. Guarantee issue up to $10,000. • • If you don’t enroll in the Voluntary Life and AD&D plan during your initial enrollment period: you, your spouse and child(ren) will be required to complete an Evidence of Insurability (EOI) form and be approved by Guardian before you’re able to get coverage in the future. You must be enrolled in voluntary life and/or AD&D life coverage for your spouse, and/or eligible children to enroll. Please note: If you elect Voluntary Life for yourself and/or your dependents, Voluntary AD&D is an automatic election based on the voluntary life insurance amount. What is Life and AD&D Insurance? BASIC LIFE AND AD&D American Associated Pharmacies provides your annual earnings to a maximum of $270,000 in Basic Life and Accidental Death & Dismemberment (AD&D) insurance. This coverage is offered through Guardian at no cost to you. DID YOU KNOW? AAP provides you Basic Life and AD&D AT NO CHARGE 12
DISABILITY INSURANCE REVIEW YOUR DISABILITY COVERAGE □ □ Short-Term Disability Long-Term Disability Short-Term Disability insurance is offered through Guardian. The plan benefit is 60% of basic weekly earnings up to a maximum of $1,250 per week. EOI is required to obtain coverage if you waived coverage during your new hire enrollment window. Benefits are paid after an elimination period of 7 days for both an accident and sickness. Benefits can continue for up to 12 weeks. You are responsible for paying the premiums for this disability insurance. EOI LINK: https://www.guardiananytime.com/eoi/ Could you pay the bills if you weren’t working? Less than 1/4 of U.S. consumers have enough emergency savings to cover six months or more of their expenses. Nearly 70% of workers that apply to Social Security Disability Insurance are denied. What’s more likely? Many workers think these events are more likely than becoming disabled during their careers. But here are the actual odds: .0000004% .02% 3%1% 25% Becoming Disabled Winning Mega Millions Being struck by lightening IRS Audit Having Twins In fact, nearly 40 million American adults live with a disability SHORT-TERM DISABILITY INSURANCE Long-Term Disability insurance is offered through Guardian. American Associated Pharmacies pays 100% of the premium cost. The plan benefit is 60% of basic monthly earnings up to a maximum of $10,000 per month. The benefits begin after a 90 day waiting period. Benefits can continue up to the Social Security Normal Retirement Age. LONG-TERM DISABILITY INSURANCE What is Disability Insurance? 13
ACCIDENT, CANCER & CRITICAL ILLNESS ACCIDENT INSURANCE If you’re like most people, you don’t budget for life’s unexpected moments. One mishap can send you on an unexpected trip to your local emergency room — and leave you with a flurry of unexpected bills. That’s where Accident Insurance jumps in. In the event of a covered accident, the plan pays you cash benefits fast to help you pay for the costs associated with out-of-pocket expenses and bills — expenses major medical may not take care of. Evidence of Insurability (EOI) is not required. CRITICAL ILLNESS INSURANCE This Critical Illness insurance policy can help with the treatment costs of a covered critical illnesses — such as a heart attack or stroke. More importantly, it can help you focus on recuperation instead of the distraction of out-of-pocket costs. With the Critical Illness plan, you receive cash benefits directly (unless otherwise assigned) — giv- ing you the flexibility to help pay bills related to treatment or to help with everyday living expenses. Critical Illness does not require full Evidence of Insurability (EOI), but the member and spouse must answer the Critical Illness health questions. A dependent child does not have to answer any health questions when enrolling. CANCER INSURANCE Cancer insurance provides a lump-sum amount for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. An employee can spend this sum however they choose and use it in conjunction with other benefits to help cover the cost of treatment. Full Evidence of Insurability (EOI) isn’t required but Health questions must be answered on Enrollment/ Change form in order to obtain coverage. Monthly Rates 14 Monthly Rates
OPTIONAL LIFE INSURANCE Click for Personal Life Insurance Quotes 15
EMPLOYEE PERKS We are excited to have partnered with BenefitHub. This is a website for our employees to receive perks and discounts on financial services, home insurance, life insurance, pet insurance, credit tracking, Le- galShield, ID Theft, and fitness discounts through one easy marketplace website. 16
EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE 17
Coinsurance— The plan’s share of the cost of covered services which is calculated as a percentage of the allowed amount. This percentage is applied after the deductible has been met. You pay any remaining percentage of the cost until the out-of-pocket maximum is met. Coinsurance percentages will be different between in-network and non-network services. Copays— A fixed amount you pay for a covered health care service. Copays can apply to office visits, urgent care or emergency room services. Copays will not satisfy any part of the deductible. Copays should not apply to any preventive services. Deductible— The amount of money you pay before services are covered. Services subject to the deductible will not be covered until it has been fully met. It does not apply to any preventive services, as required under the Affordable Care Act. Lifetime Benefit Maximum— All plans are required to have an unlimited lifetime maximum. Network Provider— A provider who has a contract with your health insurer or plan to provide services at set fees. These contracted fees are usually lower than the provider’s normal fees for services. Out-of-pocket Maximum— The most you will pay during a set period of time before your health insurance begins to pay 100% of the allowed amount. The deductible, coinsurance and copays are included in the out-of-pocket maximum. Preauthorization— A process by your health insurer or plan to determine if any service, treatment plan, prescription drug or durable medical equip- ment is medically necessary. This is sometimes called prior authorization, prior approval or precertification. UCR (Usual, Customary and Reasonable)— The amount paid for medical services in a geographic area based on what providers in the area usually charge for the same or similar service. INSURANCE TERMS MEDICAL TERMS Prescription Drugs— Each plan offers its own unique prescription drug program. Specific copays apply to each tier and a medical plan can have one to five separate tiers. The retail pharmacy benefit offers a 30-day supply. Mail order prescriptions provide up to a 90-day supply. Sometimes the deducti- ble must be satisfied before copays are applied. Urgent Care— Care for an illness, injury or condition serious enough that a reasonable person would seek immediate care, but not so severe to require emergency room care. Emergency Room— Services you receive from a hospital for any serious condition requiring immediate care. Preventive Services— All services coded as Preventive must be covered 100% without a deductible, coinsurance or copayments. Medically Necessary— Health care services or supplies needed to prevent, diagnose or treat an illness, injury, condition, disease or its symptoms, which meet accepted standards of medicine. 18
IMPORTANT NOTICES MEDICARE PART D CREDITABLE COVERAGE Important Notice from American Associated Pharmacies About Your Prescription Drug Coverage and Medicare Please read this notice carefully and keep it where you can find it. This notice has information about your current prescription drug coverage with American Associated Pharmacies and about your options under Medicare’s prescription drug coverage. This information can help you decide whether or not you want to join a Medicare drug plan. If you are considering joining, you should compare your current coverage, including which drugs are covered at what cost, with the coverage and costs of the plans offering Medicare prescription drug coverage in your area. Information about where you can get help to make decisions about your prescription drug coverage is at the end of this notice. There are two important things you need to know about your current coverage and Medicare’s prescription drug coverage: 1. Medicare prescription drug coverage became available in 2006 to everyone with Medicare. You can get this coverage if you join a Medicare Prescription Drug Plan or join a Medicare Advantage Plan (like an HMO or PPO) that offers prescription drug coverage. All Medicare drug plans provide at least a standard level of coverage set by Medicare. Some plans may also offer more coverage for a higher monthly premium. 2. American Associated Pharmacieshas determined that the prescription drug coverage offered by the BlueCross BlueShield of Alabama health plan is, on average for all plan participants, expected to pay out as much as standard Medicare prescription drug coverage pays and is therefore considered Creditable Coverage. Because your existing coverage is Creditable Coverage, you can keep this coverage and not pay a higher premium (a penalty) if you later decide to join a Medicare drug plan. When Can You Join A Medicare Drug Plan? You can join a Medicare drug plan when you first become eligible for Medicare and each year from October 15th to December 7th. However, if you lose your current creditable prescription drug coverage, through no fault of your own, you will also be eligible for a two (2) month Special Enrollment Period (SEP) to join a Medicare drug plan. What Happens To Your Current Coverage If You Decide to Join A Medicare Drug Plan? If you decide to join a Medicare drug plan, your current American Associated Pharmacies coverage may be affected. You can keep this coverage if you elect Part D and this plan will coordinate with Part D coverage. If you do decide to join a Medicare drug plan and drop the American Associated Pharmacies medical plan, be aware that you and your dependents may not be able to get this coverage back. 19
When Will You Pay A Higher Premium (Penalty) To Join A Medicare Drug Plan? You should also know that if you drop or lose your current coverage with American Associated Pharmacies and don’t join a Medicare drug plan within 63 continuous days after your current coverage ends, you may pay a higher premium (a penalty) to join a Medicare drug plan later. If you go 63 continuous days or longer without creditable prescription drug coverage, your monthly premium may go up by at least 1% of the Medicare base beneficiary premium per month for every month that you did not have that coverage. For example, if you go nineteen months without creditable coverage, your premium may consistently be at least 19% higher than the Medicare base beneficiary premium. You may have to pay this higher premium (a penalty) as long as you have Medicare prescription drug coverage. In addition, you may have to wait until the following October to join. For More Information About This Notice Or Your Current Prescription Drug Coverage… Contact the person listed below for further information. NOTE: You’ll get this notice each year. You will also get it before the next period you can join a Medicare drug plan, and if this coverage through American Associated Pharmacies changes. You also may request a copy of this notice at any time. For More Information About Your Options Under Medicare Prescription Drug Coverage… More detailed information about Medicare plans that offer prescription drug coverage is in the “Medicare & You” handbook. You’ll get a copy of the handbook in the mail every year from Medicare. You may also be contacted directly by Medicare drug plans. For more information about Medicare prescription drug coverage: • Visit www.medicare.gov • Call your State Health Insurance Assistance Program (see the inside back cover of your copy of the “Medicare & You” handbook for their telephone number) for personalized help • Call 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227). TTY users should call 1-877-486-2048. If you have limited income and resources, extra help paying for Medicare prescription drug coverage is available. For information about this extra help, visit Social Security on the web at www.socialsecurity.gov, or call them at 1-800-772-1213 (TTY 1-800-325-0778). 20 Remember: Keep this Creditable Coverage notice. If you decide to join one of the Medicare drug plans, you may be required to provide a copy of this notice when you join to show whether or not you have maintained creditable coverage and, therefore, whether or not you are required to pay a higher premium (a penalty). Date: Name of Entity/Sender: Contact-- Position/Office: Address: Phone Number: December 1, 2025 Brandy Hooper VP of Human Resources 211 Lonnie Crawford Blvd, Scottsboro, AL 35769 256.574.7526
21 INITIAL COBRA NOTICE [FOR NEW HIRES OR NEW BENEFITS ELIGIBLE ONLY] INTRODUCTION You’re getting this notice because you recently gained coverage under a group health plan (the Plan). This notice has important information about your right to COBRA continuation coverage, which is a temporary extension of coverage under the Plan. This notice explains COBRA continuation coverage, when it may become available to you and your family, and what you need to do to protect your right to get it. When you become eligible for COBRA, you may also become eligible for other coverage options that may cost less than COBRA continuation coverage. The right to COBRA continuation coverage was created by a federal law, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (COBRA). COBRA continuation coverage can become available to you and other members of your family when group health coverage would otherwise end. For more information about your rights and obligations under the Plan and under federal law, you should review the Plan’s Summary Plan Description or contact the Plan Administrator. You may have other options available to you when you lose group health coverage. For example, you may be eligible to buy an individual plan through the Health Insurance Marketplace. By enrolling in coverage through the Marketplace, you may qualify for lower costs on your monthly premiums and lower out-of-pocket costs. Additionally, you may qualify for a 30-day special enrollment period for another group health plan for which you are eligible (such as a spouse’s plan), even if that plan generally doesn’t accept late enrollees. WHAT IS COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE? COBRA continuation coverage is a continuation of Plan coverage when it would otherwise end because of a life event. This is also called a “qualifying event.” Specific qualifying events are listed later in this notice. After a qualifying event, COBRA continuation coverage must be offered to each person who is a “qualified beneficiary.” You, your spouse, and your dependent children could become qualified beneficiaries if coverage under the Plan is lost because of the qualifying event. Under the Plan, qualified beneficiaries who elect COBRA continuation coverage must pay for COBRA continuation coverage. If you’re an employee, you’ll become a qualified beneficiary if you lose your coverage under the Plan because of the following qualifying events: • Your hours of employment are reduced, or • Your employment ends for any reason other than your gross misconduct. If you’re the spouse of an employee, you’ll become a qualified beneficiary if you lose your coverage under the Plan because of the following qualifying events: • Your spouse dies; • Your spouse’s hours of employment are reduced; • Your spouse’s employment ends for any reason other than his or her gross misconduct; • Your spouse becomes entitled to Medicare benefits (under Part A, Part B, or both); or • You become divorced or legally separated from your spouse.
22 Your dependent children will become qualified beneficiaries if they lose coverage under the Plan because of the following qualifying events: • The parent-employee dies; • The parent-employee’s hours of employment are reduced; • The parent-employee’s employment ends for any reason other than his or her gross misconduct; • The parent-employee becomes entitled to Medicare benefits (Part A, Part B, or both); • The parents become divorced or legally separated; or • The child stops being eligible for coverage under the Plan as a “dependent child.” WHEN IS COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE AVAILABLE? The Plan will offer COBRA continuation coverage to qualified beneficiaries only after the Plan Administrator has been notified that a qualifying event has occurred. The employer must notify the Plan Administrator of the following qualifying events: • The end of employment or reduction of hours of employment; • Death of the employee; • The employee’s becoming entitled to Medicare benefits (under Part A, Part B, or both). For all other qualifying events (divorce or legal separation of the employee and spouse or a dependent child’s losing eligibility for coverage as a dependent child), you must notify the Plan Administrator within 60 days after the qualifying event occurs. You must provide this notice to: Brandy Hooper, brandy.hooper@rxaap.com HOW IS COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE PROVIDED? Once the Plan Administrator receives notice that a qualifying event has occurred, COBRA continuation coverage will be offered to each of the qualified beneficiaries. Each qualified beneficiary will have an independent right to elect COBRA continuation coverage. Covered employees may elect COBRA continuation coverage on behalf of their spouses, and parents may elect COBRA continuation coverage on behalf of their children. COBRA continuation coverage is a temporary continuation of coverage that generally lasts for 18 months due to employment termination or reduction of hours of work. Certain qualifying events, or a second qualifying event during the initial period of coverage, may permit a beneficiary to receive a maximum of 36 months of coverage.
23 There are also ways in which this 18-month period of COBRA continuation coverage can be extended: DISABILITY EXTENSION OF 18-MONTH PERIOD OF COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE If you or anyone in your family covered under the Plan is determined by Social Security to be disabled and you notify the Plan Administrator in a timely fashion, you and your entire family may be entitled to get up to an additional 11 months of COBRA continuation coverage, for a maximum of 29 months. The disability would have to have started at some time before the 60th day of COBRA continuation coverage and must last at least until the end of the 18-month period of COBRA continuation coverage. SECOND QUALIFYING EVENT EXTENSION OF 18-MONTH PERIOD OF CONTINUATION COVERAGE If your family experiences another qualifying event during the 18 months of COBRA continuation coverage, the spouse and dependent children in your family can get up to 18 additional months of COBRA continuation coverage, for a maximum of 36 months, if the Plan is properly notified about the second qualifying event. This extension may be available to the spouse and any dependent children getting COBRA continuation coverage if the employee or former employee dies; becomes entitled to Medicare benefits (under Part A, Part B, or both); gets divorced or legally separated; or if the dependent child stops being eligible under the Plan as a dependent child. This extension is only available if the second qualifying event would have caused the spouse or dependent child to lose coverage under the Plan had the first qualifying event not occurred. ARE THERE OTHER COVERAGE OPTIONS BESIDES COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE? Yes. Instead of enrolling in COBRA continuation coverage, there may be other coverage options for you and your family through the Health Insurance Marketplace, Medicare, Medicaid, Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), or other group health plan coverage options (such as a spouse’s plan) through what is called a “special enrollment period.” Some of these options may cost less than COBRA continuation coverage. You can learn more about many of these options at www.healthcare.gov. CAN I ENROLL IN MEDICARE INSTEAD OF COBRA CONTINUATION COVERAGE AFTER MY GROUP HEALTH PLAN COVERAGE ENDS? In general, if you don’t enroll in Medicare Part A or B when you are first eligible because you are still employed, after the Medicare initial enrollment period, you have an 8-month special enrollment period to sign up for Medicare Part A or B, beginning on the earlier of • The month after your employment ends; or • The month after group health plan coverage based on current employment ends. If you don’t enroll in Medicare and elect COBRA continuation coverage instead, you may have to pay a Part B late enrollment penalty and you may have a gap in coverage if you decide you want Part B later. If you elect COBRA continuation coverage and later enroll in Medicare Part A or B before the COBRA continuation coverage ends, the Plan may terminate your continuation coverage. However, if Medicare Part A or B is effective on or before the date of the COBRA election, COBRA coverage may not be discontinued on account of Medicare entitlement, even if you enroll in the other part of Medicare after the date of the election of COBRA coverage.
24 If you are enrolled in both COBRA continuation coverage and Medicare, Medicare will generally pay first (primary payer) and COBRA continuation coverage will pay second. Certain plans may pay as if secondary to Medicare, even if you are not enrolled in Medicare. For more information visit https://www.medicare.gov/medicare-and-you. IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS Questions concerning your Plan or your COBRA continuation coverage rights should be addressed to the contact or contacts identified below. For more information about your rights under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), including COBRA, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and other laws affecting group health plans, contact the nearest Regional or District Office of the U.S. Department of Labor’s Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA) in your area or visit www.dol.gov/ ebsa. (Addresses and phone numbers of Regional and District EBSA Offices are available through EBSA’s website.) For more information about the Marketplace, visit www.HealthCare.gov. KEEP YOUR PLAN INFORMED OF ADDRESS CHANGES To protect your family’s rights, let the Plan Administrator know about any changes in the addresses of family members. You should also keep a copy, for your records, of any notices you send to the Plan Administrator. PLAN CONTACT INFORMATION BRANDY HOOPER VP OF HUMAN RESOURCE 256.574.7526 BRANDY.HOOPER@RXAAP.COM
25 MARKETPLACE COVERAGE OPTIONS [FOR NEW HIRES ONLY] PART A: GENERAL INFORMATION Even if you are offered health coverage through your employment, you may have other coverage options through the Health Insurance Marketplace (“Marketplace”). To assist you as you evaluate options for you and your family, this notice provides some basic information about the Health Insurance Marketplace and health coverage offered through your employment. WHAT IS THE HEALTH INSURANCE MARKETPLACE? The Marketplace is designed to help you find health insurance that meets your needs and fits your budget. The Marketplace offers "one-stop shopping" to find and compare private health insurance options in your geographic area. CAN I SAVE MONEY ON MY HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS IN THE MARKETPLACE? You may qualify to save money and lower your monthly premium and other out-of-pocket costs, but only if your employer does not offer coverage, or offers coverage that is not considered affordable for you and doesn’t meet certain minimum value standards (discussed below). The savings that you're eligible for depends on your household income. You may also be eligible for a tax credit that lowers your costs. DOES EMPLOYMENT-BASED HEALTH COVERAGE AFFECT ELIGIBILITY FOR PREMIUM SAVINGS THROUGH THE MARKETPLACE? Yes. If you have an offer of health coverage from your employer that is considered affordable for you and meets certain minimum value standards, you will not be eligible for a tax credit, or advance payment of the tax credit, for your Marketplace coverage and may wish to enroll in your employment-based health plan. However, you may be eligible for a tax credit, and advance payments of the credit that lowers your monthly premium, or a reduction in certain cost-sharing, if your employer does not offer coverage to you at all or does not offer coverage that is considered affordable for you or meet minimum value standards. If your share of the premium cost of all plans offered to you through your employment is more than 8.39% of your annual household income, or if the coverage through your employment does not meet the "minimum value" standard set by the Affordable Care Act, you may be eligible for a tax credit, and advance payment of the credit, if you do not enroll in the employment-based health coverage. For family members of the employee, coverage is considered affordable if the employee’s cost of premiums for the lowest-cost plan that would cover all family members does not exceed 8.39% of the employee’s household income..12 Note: If you purchase a health plan through the Marketplace instead of accepting health coverage offered through your employment, then you may lose access to whatever the employer contributes to the
26 MARKETPLACE COVERAGE OPTIONS [FOR NEW HIRES ONLY] PART A: GENERAL INFORMATION Even if you are offered health coverage through your employment, you may have other coverage options through the Health Insurance Marketplace (“Marketplace”). To assist you as you evaluate options for you and your family, this notice provides some basic information about the Health Insurance Marketplace and health coverage offered through your employment. WHAT IS THE HEALTH INSURANCE MARKETPLACE? The Marketplace is designed to help you find health insurance that meets your needs and fits your budget. The Marketplace offers "one-stop shopping" to find and compare private health insurance options in your geographic area. CAN I SAVE MONEY ON MY HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS IN THE MARKETPLACE? You may qualify to save money and lower your monthly premium and other out-of-pocket costs, but only if your employer does not offer coverage, or offers coverage that is not considered affordable for you and doesn’t meet certain minimum value standards (discussed below). The savings that you're eligible for depends on your household income. You may also be eligible for a tax credit that lowers your costs. DOES EMPLOYMENT-BASED HEALTH COVERAGE AFFECT ELIGIBILITY FOR PREMIUM SAVINGS THROUGH THE MARKETPLACE? Yes. If you have an offer of health coverage from your employer that is considered affordable for you and meets certain minimum value standards, you will not be eligible for a tax credit, or advance payment of the tax credit, for your Marketplace coverage and may wish to enroll in your employment-based health plan. However, you may be eligible for a tax credit, and advance payments of the credit that lowers your monthly premium, or a reduction in certain cost-sharing, if your employer does not offer coverage to you at all or does not offer coverage that is considered affordable for you or meet minimum value standards. If your share of the premium cost of all plans offered to you through your employment is more than 8.39% of your annual household income, or if the coverage through your employment does not meet the "minimum value" standard set by the Affordable Care Act, you may be eligible for a tax credit, and advance payment of the credit, if you do not enroll in the employment-based health coverage. For family members of the employee, coverage is considered affordable if the employee’s cost of premiums for the lowest-cost plan that would cover all family members does not exceed 8.39% of the employee’s household income..12 Note: If you purchase a health plan through the Marketplace instead of accepting health coverage offered through your employment, then you may lose access to whatever the employer contributes to the
27 Employer Name: American Associated Pharmacies Employer Identification Number (EIN): 27-0457933 Employer Address: 201 Lonnie Crawford Blvd. Scottsboro, AL 35769 Employer Phone Number: 256.574.7526 Who can we contact about employee health coverage at this job? Brandy Hooper Phone Number: 256.574.7526 Email Address: brandy.hooper@rxaap.com MARKETPLACE COVERAGE OPTIONS CONTINUED [FOR NEW HIRES ONLY] PART B: INFORMATION ABOUT HEALTH COVERAGE OFFERED BY YOUR EMPLOYER This section contains information about any health coverage offered by your employer. If you decide to complete an application for coverage in the Marketplace, you will be asked to provide this information. This Here is some basic information about health coverage offered by this employer: • As your employer, we offer a health plan to:  All employees. Eligible employees are: working 30 or more hours per week • With respect to dependents:  We do offer coverage. Eligible dependents are: dependents who you claim on your taxes.  If checked, this coverage meets the minimum value standard, and the cost of this coverage to you is intended to be affordable, based on employee wages. ** Even if your employer intends your coverage to be affordable, you may still be eligible for a premium discount through the Marketplace. The Marketplace will use your household income, along with other factors, to determine whether you may be eligible for a premium discount. If, for example, your wages vary from week to week (perhaps you are an hourly employee or you work on a commission basis), if you are newly employed mid-year, or if you have other income losses, you may still qualify for a premium discount. If you decide to shop for coverage in the Marketplace, HealthCare.gov will guide you through the process. Above is the employer information you’ll enter when you visit HealthCare.gov to find out if you can get a tax credit to lower your monthly premiums.
Premium Assistance Under Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) If you or your children are eligible for Medicaid or CHIP and you’re eligible for health coverage from your employer, your state may have a premium assistance program that can help pay for coverage, using funds from their Medicaid or CHIP programs. If you or your children aren’t eligible for Medicaid or CHIP, you won’t be eligible for these premium assistance programs but you may be able to buy individual insurance coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplace. For more information, visit www.healthcare.gov. If you or your dependents are already enrolled in Medicaid or CHIP and you live in a State listed below, contact your State Medicaid or CHIP office to find out if premium assistance is available. If you or your dependents are NOT currently enrolled in Medicaid or CHIP, and you think you or any of your dependents might be eligible for either of these programs, contact your State Medicaid or CHIP office or dial 1-877-KIDS NOW or www.insurekidsnow.govto find out how to apply. If you qualify, ask your state if it has a program that might help you pay the premiums for an employer-sponsored plan. If you or your dependents are eligible for premium assistance under Medicaid or CHIP, as well as eligible under your employer plan, your employer must allow you to enroll in your employer plan if you aren’t already enrolled. This is called a “special enrollment” opportunity, and you must request coverage within 60 days of being determined eligible for premium assistance. If you have questions about enrolling in your employer plan, contact the Department of Labor at www.askebsa.dol.govor call 1-866-444-EBSA (3272). If you live in one of the following states, you may be eligible for assistance paying your employer health plan premiums. The following list of states is current as of July 31, 2025. Contact your State for more information on eligibility – ALABAMA – Medicaid ALASKA – Medicaid Website: http://myalhipp.com/ Phone: 1-855-692-5447 The AK Health Insurance Premium Payment Program Website: http://myakhipp.com/ Phone: 1-866-251-4861 Email: CustomerService@MyAKHIPP.com Medicaid Eligibility: https://health.alaska.gov/dpa/Pages/default.aspx ARKANSAS – Medicaid CALIFORNIA – Medicaid Website: http://myarhipp.com/ Phone: 1-855-MyARHIPP (855-692-7447) Health Insurance Premium Payment (HIPP) Program Website: http://dhcs.ca.gov/hipp Phone: 916-445-8322 Fax: 916-440-5676 Email: hipp@dhcs.ca.gov COLORADO – Health First Colorado (Colorado’s Medicaid Program) & Child Health Plan Plus (CHP+) FLORIDA – Medicaid Health First Colorado Website: https://www.healthfirstcolorado.com/ Health First Colorado Member Contact Center: 1-800-221-3943/State Relay 711 CHP+: https://hcpf.colorado.gov/child-health-plan-plus CHP+ Customer Service: 1-800-359-1991/State Relay 711 Health Insurance Buy-In Program (HIBI): https://www.mycohibi.com/ HIBI Customer Service: 1-855-692-6442 Website: https://www.flmedicaidtplrecovery.com/flmedicaidtplrecover y.com/hipp/index.html Phone: 1-877-357-3268
GEORGIA – Medicaid INDIANA – Medicaid GA HIPP Website: https://medicaid.georgia.gov/health- insurance-premium-payment-program-hipp Phone: 678-564-1162, Press 1 GA CHIPRA Website: https://medicaid.georgia.gov/programs/third-party- liability/childrens-health-insurance-program-reauthorization- act-2009-chipra Phone: 678-564-1162, Press 2 Health Insurance Premium Payment Program All other Medicaid Website: https://www.in.gov/medicaid/ http://www.in.gov/fssa/dfr/ Family and Social Services Administration Phone: 1-800-403-0864 Member Services Phone: 1-800-457-4584 IOWA – Medicaid and CHIP (Hawki) KANSAS – Medicaid Medicaid Website: Iowa Medicaid | Health & Human Services Medicaid Phone: 1-800-338-8366 Hawki Website: Hawki - Healthy and Well Kids in Iowa | Health & Human Services Hawki Phone: 1-800-257-8563 HIPP Website: Health Insurance Premium Payment (HIPP) | Health & Human Services (iowa.gov) HIPP Phone: 1-888-346-9562 Website: https://www.kancare.ks.gov/ Phone: 1-800-792-4884 HIPP Phone: 1-800-967-4660 KENTUCKY – Medicaid LOUISIANA – Medicaid Kentucky Integrated Health Insurance Premium Payment Program (KI-HIPP) Website: https://chfs.ky.gov/agencies/dms/member/Pages/kihipp.aspx Phone: 1-855-459-6328 Email: KIHIPP.PROGRAM@ky.gov KCHIP Website: https://kynect.ky.gov Phone: 1-877-524-4718 Kentucky Medicaid Website: https://chfs.ky.gov/agencies/dms Website: www.medicaid.la.gov or www.ldh.la.gov/lahipp Phone: 1-888-342-6207 (Medicaid hotline) or 1-855-618-5488 (LaHIPP) MAINE – Medicaid MASSACHUSETTS – Medicaid and CHIP Enrollment Website: https://www.mymaineconnection.gov/benefits/s/?language=en _US Phone: 1-800-442-6003 TTY: Maine relay 711 Private Health Insurance Premium Webpage: https://www.maine.gov/dhhs/ofi/applications-forms Phone: 1-800-977-6740 TTY: Maine relay 711 Website: https://www.mass.gov/masshealth/pa Phone: 1-800-862-4840 TTY: 711 Email: masspremassistance@accenture.com MINNESOTA – Medicaid MISSOURI – Medicaid Website: https://mn.gov/dhs/health-care-coverage/ Phone: 1-800-657-3672 Website: http://www.dss.mo.gov/mhd/participants/pages/hipp.htm Phone: 573-751-2005
MONTANA – Medicaid NEBRASKA – Medicaid Website: http://dphhs.mt.gov/MontanaHealthcarePrograms/HIPP Phone: 1-800-694-3084 Email: HHSHIPPProgram@mt.gov Website: http://www.ACCESSNebraska.ne.gov Phone: 1-855-632-7633 Lincoln: 402-473-7000 Omaha: 402-595-1178 NEVADA – Medicaid NEW HAMPSHIRE – Medicaid Medicaid Website: http://dhcfp.nv.gov Medicaid Phone: 1-800-992-0900 Website: https://www.dhhs.nh.gov/programs- services/medicaid/health-insurance-premium-program Phone: 603-271-5218 Toll free number for the HIPP program: 1-800-852-3345, ext. 15218 Email: DHHS.ThirdPartyLiabi@dhhs.nh.gov NEW JERSEY – Medicaid and CHIP NEW YORK – Medicaid Medicaid Website: http://www.state.nj.us/humanservices/ dmahs/clients/medicaid/ Phone: 1-800-356-1561 CHIP Premium Assistance Phone: 609-631-2392 CHIP Website: http://www.njfamilycare.org/index.html CHIP Phone: 1-800-701-0710 (TTY: 711) Website: https://www.health.ny.gov/health_care/medicaid/ Phone: 1-800-541-2831 NORTH CAROLINA – Medicaid NORTH DAKOTA – Medicaid Website: https://medicaid.ncdhhs.gov/ Phone: 919-855-4100 Website: https://www.hhs.nd.gov/healthcare Phone: 1-844-854-4825 OKLAHOMA – Medicaid and CHIP OREGON – Medicaid and CHIP Website: http://www.insureoklahoma.org Phone: 1-888-365-3742 Website: http://healthcare.oregon.gov/Pages/index.aspx Phone: 1-800-699-9075 PENNSYLVANIA – Medicaid and CHIP RHODE ISLAND – Medicaid and CHIP Website: https://www.pa.gov/en/services/dhs/apply-for- medicaid-health-insurance-premium-payment-program- hipp.html Phone: 1-800-692-7462 CHIP Website: Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) (pa.gov) CHIP Phone: 1-800-986-KIDS (5437) Website: http://www.eohhs.ri.gov/ Phone: 1-855-697-4347, or 401-462-0311 (Direct RIte Share Line) SOUTH CAROLINA – Medicaid SOUTH DAKOTA - Medicaid Website: https://www.scdhhs.gov Phone: 1-888-549-0820 Website: http://dss.sd.gov Phone: 1-888-828-0059
TEXAS – Medicaid UTAH – Medicaid and CHIP Website: Health Insurance Premium Payment (HIPP) Program | Texas Health and Human Services Phone: 1-800-440-0493 Utah’s Premium Partnership for Health Insurance (UPP) Website: https://medicaid.utah.gov/upp/ Email: upp@utah.gov Phone: 1-888-222-2542 Adult Expansion Website: https://medicaid.utah.gov/expansion/ Utah Medicaid Buyout Program Website: https://medicaid.utah.gov/buyout-program/ CHIP Website: https://chip.utah.gov/ VERMONT– Medicaid VIRGINIA – Medicaid and CHIP Website: Health Insurance Premium Payment (HIPP) Program | Department of Vermont Health Access Phone: 1-800-250-8427 Website: https://coverva.dmas.virginia.gov/learn/premium- assistance/famis-select https://coverva.dmas.virginia.gov/learn/premium- assistance/health-insurance-premium-payment-hipp-programs Medicaid/CHIP Phone: 1-800-432-5924 WASHINGTON – Medicaid WEST VIRGINIA – Medicaid and CHIP Website: https://www.hca.wa.gov/ Phone: 1-800-562-3022 Website: https://dhhr.wv.gov/bms/ http://mywvhipp.com/ Medicaid Phone: 304-558-1700 CHIP Toll-free phone: 1-855-MyWVHIPP (1-855-699-8447) WISCONSIN – Medicaid and CHIP WYOMING – Medicaid Website: https://www.dhs.wisconsin.gov/badgercareplus/p-10095.htm Phone: 1-800-362-3002 Website: https://health.wyo.gov/healthcarefin/medicaid/programs-and- eligibility/ Phone: 1-800-251-1269 To see if any other states have added a premium assistance program since July 31, 2025, or for more information on special enrollment rights, contact either: U.S. Department of Labor Employee Benefits Security Administration www.dol.gov/agencies/ebsa 1-866-444-EBSA (3272) U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services www.cms.hhs.gov 1-877-267-2323, Menu Option 4, Ext. 61565 Paperwork Reduction Act Statement According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104- 13) (PRA), no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid Office of Management and Budget (OMB) control number. The Department notes that a Federal agency cannot conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless it is approved by OMB under the PRA, and displays a currently valid OMB control number, and the public is not required to respond to a collection of information unles s it displays a currently valid OMB control number. See 44 U.S.C. 3507. Also, notwithstanding any other provisions of law, no pers on shall be subject to penalty for failing to comply with a collection of information if the collection of information does not display a currently valid OMB control number. See 44 U.S.C. 3512. The public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average approximately seven minutes per respon dent. Interested parties are encouraged to send comments regarding the burden estimate or any other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to the U.S. Department of Labor, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Office of Policy and Research, Attention: PRA Clearance Officer, 200 Constitution Avenue, N.W., Room N -5718, Washington, DC 20210 or email ebsa.opr@dol.gov and reference the OMB Control Number 1210- 0137. OMB Control Number 1210-0137 (expires 1/31/2026)
32 To see if any other states have added a premium assistance program since July 31, 2025, or for more information on spe- cial enrollment rights, contact either: U.S. Department of Labor Employee Benefits Security Administration www.dol.gov/agencies/ebsa 1-866-444-EBSA (3272) U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services www.cms.hhs.gov 1-877-267-2323, Menu Option 4, Ext. 61565 Paperwork Reduction Act Statement According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13) (PRA), no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid Office of Management and Budget (OMB) control number. The Department notes that a Federal agency cannot conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless it is approved by OMB under the PRA, and displays a currently valid OMB control number, and the public is not required to respond to a collection of information unless it dis- plays a currently valid OMB control number. See 44 U.S.C. 3507. Also, notwithstanding any other provisions of law, no person shall be subject to penalty for failing to comply with a collection of information if the collection of information does not display a currently valid OMB control number. See 44 U.S.C. 3512. The public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated to average approximately seven minutes per respondent. Interested parties are encouraged to send comments regarding the burden estimate or any other aspect of this collection of infor- mation, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to the U.S. Department of Labor, Employee Benefits Security Administra- tion, Office of Policy and Research, Attention: PRA Clearance Officer, 200 Constitution Avenue, N.W., Room N-5718, Washington, DC 20210 or email ebsa.opr@dol.gov and reference the OMB Control Number 1210-0137. OMB Control Number 1210-0137 (expires 1/31/2026)
33 WOMEN’S HEALTH AND CANCER RIGHTS ACT OF 1998 If you have had, or are going to have, a mastectomy, you may be entitled to certain benefits under the Women’s Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998 (WHCRA). For individuals receiving mastectomy-related benefits, coverage will be provided in a manner determined in consultation with the attending physician and the patient, for: Surgery and reconstruction of the other breast to produce a symmetrical appearance. Prostheses. • All stages of reconstruction of the breast on which the mastectomy was performed. • • • Treatment of physical complications at all stages of the mastectomy, including lymphedemas. These benefits will be provided subject to the same deductibles and coinsurance applicable to other medical and surgical benefits provided under this plan. Therefore, the following deductibles and coinsurance apply: see plan descriptions in this benefit guide. If you would like more information on WHCRA benefits, call your Plan Administrator at 256.574.7526 IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING 1095 FORMS As an employer with 50 or more full-time employees, we are required to provide 1095-C forms to each employee who was employed as a full-time employee for at least one month during the calendar year, without regard to whether they were covered by our group health plan. These employees should expect to receive their Form 1095-C in early March 2026. We are also required to send a copy of your 1095-C form to the IRS. The information reported on Form 1095-C is used in determining whether an employer owes a payment under the employer shared responsibility provisions under section 4980H. Form 1095-C is also used by you and the IRS to determine eligibility for the premium tax credit. SPECIAL ENROLLMENT NOTICE During the open enrollment period, eligible employees are given the opportunity to enroll themselves and dependents into our group health plans. If you elect to decline coverage because you are covered under an individual health plan or a group health plan through your parent’s or spouse’s employer, you may be able to enroll yourself and your dependents in this plan if you and/or your dependents lose eligibility for that other coverage. You must request enrollment within 30 days after the other coverage ends. In addition, if you have a new dependent as a result of marriage, birth, adoption or placement for adoption, you may enroll any new dependent within 30 days of the event. If you or your dependents become ineligible for Medicaid or CHIP, you may be able to enroll yourself and your dependents in the plan. You must request enrollment within 60 days. If you or your dependents become eligible for premium assistance from Medicaid or CHIP, you may be able to enroll yourself and your dependents in the plan. You must request enrollment within 60 days. To request special enrollment or obtain more information, contact Human Resources.
34 NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES American Associated Pharmacies is subject to the HIPAA privacy rules. In compliance with these rules, it maintains a Notice of Privacy Practices. You have the right to request a copy of the Notice of Privacy Practices by contacting Human Resources. Protections from Disclosure of Medical Information We are required by law to maintain the privacy and security of your personally identifiable health infor- mation. Although American Associated Pharmacies may use aggregate information it collects to design a program based on identified health risks in the workplace, the health plan will never disclose any of your personal health information either publicly or to the employer, except as necessary to respond to a re- quest from you for a reasonable accommodation needed to participate in the wellness program, or as ex- pressly permitted by law. Medical information that personally identifies you that is provided in connection with the wellness program will not be provided to your supervisors or managers and may never be used to make decisions regarding your employment. Your health information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or otherwise disclosed except to the ex- tent permitted by law to carry out specific activities related to the wellness program, and you will not be asked or required to waive the confidentiality of your health information as a condition of participating in the wellness program or receiving an incentive. Anyone who receives your information for purposes of providing you services as part of the wellness program will abide by the same confidentiality require- ments. The only individuals who will receive your personally identifiable health information are health professionals in order to provide you with services under the wellness program. In addition, all medical information obtained through the wellness program will be maintained separate from your personnel records, information stored electronically will be encrypted, and no information you provide as part of the wellness program will be used in making any employment decision. Appropriate precautions will be taken to avoid any data breach, and in the event a data breach occurs involving infor- mation you provide in connection with the wellness program, we will notify you immediately. You may not be discriminated against in employment because of the medical information you provide as part of participating in the wellness program, nor may you be subjected to retaliation if you choose not to participate. If you have questions or concerns regarding this notice, or about protections against discrimination and retaliation, please contact Human Resources at 256.574.7526.
© Copyright 2025. CBIZ, Inc. NYSE Listed: CBZ. All rights reserved. The formats and templates used by CBIZ to create this doc ument are the intellectual property of CBIZ under the copyright laws of the United States. Use of CBIZ material is subject to license. Unauthorized use of CBIZ material is not per mitted. No material supplied by CBIZ and licensed to the client may be re-used without prior authorization and proper attribution. The purpose of this booklet is to describe the highlights of your benefit program. Your specific rights to benefits under the Plans are governed solely, and in every respect, by the official plan documents and insurance contracts, and not by this booklet. If there is any discrepancy between the description of the plans as described in this material and official plan documents, the language of the documents shall govern.